[THEME MUSIC]
>>Hello, this is
Michael Tellinger.
And we are exploring a
way to get from the misery
that we find ourselves on
this planet, where millions
of people wake up, billions
of people wake up every day,
unhappy with their lives,
having to do things
they don't want to
do, being forced
to travel, to sit in traffic,
and take trains and buses,
and ride bicycles in rain and
bad weather and in the cold
and in the heat to do
things they don't want
to do because they need
to earn money to survive,
to pay their bills
month in, month out.
We're finding a solution
for the slavery system
we find ourselves in.
And in this episode, we're
going to unpack the simple steps
that we can take to get us into
this utopian situation, a world
that we all dream of, a world
in which we can express our born
talents, that we can create
and contribute to our society
with what we are really good at,
for which we would be honored
and respected for by
those in our communities,
and not judged by what we
have and how much we have
and how much we've hoarded.
This changes completely.
This is all about moving into
a state of higher consciousness
and embracing unity.
And out of this
unity, we know we
can create infinite diversity
and infinite abundance.
This is a hope, something that
you've learned and picked up
during the past few
episodes while we're
exploring this world of
Ubuntu and contributionism.
So the moment we remove money
from the system-- by now,
I hope that it's
very clear to you
that all the dark and
horrible things in our lives
and in our reality
simply melt away.
How this melts away, we're
going to look at as well now.
No hoarding, no crime, no
gluttony, no envy, no greed,
no hierarchy, and
especially, no hunger.
And this is the world of
Ubuntu and contributionism.
But how do we get there?
What is our plan of action?
What do we do?
It's a very simple
plan of action.
And what I have found
over the last 11
years of doing this
and talking about this
and doing countless workshops
and presentations on this,
is I'll tell you, I
find that we actually
become our own worst enemies.
It's almost as if
we've been programmed
to trip ourselves up.
We've been programmed to become
our own prison wardens that
keep ourselves imprisoned.
We keep coming up with
potential problems.
Oh, but this isn't
going to work.
And that's not going to work.
And how are we going to do this?
And how are we going to do that?
Instead of just bloody getting
on with the job, just doing it.
Well, the good news
is we are doing it.
We already are on the path.
Millions of people are
waking up every day,
knowing that they no longer
want to live in the system
that we are trapped in,
looking for the solutions.
And the fact that we are
looking for the solutions
means that we are
already on our way.
And now, we have found
a very simple way,
a very simple system and a
plan of action to get us there.
If consists of two parts.
It consists of developing
our communities,
putting simple
structures into place.
And it consists of activating
the same philosophies
on a political front.
And I know many people are
going to scoff at this.
And they're going to
say, oh, politics.
Politics is a dirty and
disgusting business.
Why you getting
involved in politics?
Well, let me remind you that
politics rules our lives.
And we cannot get away from it.
Ignoring it is not going
to make it go away.
It's not going to
make things better.
We have to engage politics.
We have to change this dirty,
disgusting, crooked, inhumane
part of our lives into a
respectable, honorable part
of society that actually serves
humanity and serves the people
that it's supposed to serve.
It needs to be a benefit to
us, the living, breathing
human beings, and not a
tool used by corporations
and governments to enslave us.
This is why we have to get
involved and engaged politics
and take this
negative dark energy
and convert it into
a positive energy,
into something that
actually works for us.
We need to inject the
virus of consciousness
into the political
beast and change it.
We've learned quite a lot
over the last few years
about this political arena.
And it's this experience that
we now bring to the people
around the world, and sharing
this to show the simple steps.
Now, in 2014, I participated--
the Ubuntu party participated
in the South African elections.
And yeah, I ran for president.
As crazy as it sounds, I ran
for president of South Africa.
The amazing thing
is that we ended up
with about a million followers
going into these elections.
I couldn't actually believe that
that's how much support we got.
In several radio
interviews that I did--
and we didn't get much exposure
in the mainstream media at all.
The Ubuntu Party only
go two radio interviews
on national radio.
One was for an hour.
And one was for half an hour.
Well, in those two
interviews, the Ubuntu Party
had 100% support.
Let me repeat
that, 100% support,
from all the callers, the
emails, the tweets, the SMS
messages, and anyone that
participated in that.
This is unheard
of, unprecedented.
And the most common
response from the callers
and the people on
email and tweets
was the following--
he is saying what
I've been thinking all my life.
And that's exactly
what this is all about.
We need to implement
all these things we've
been dreaming of all our lives.
And through Ubuntu and
contributionism philosophy,
we can implement it.
And we can use the
political arena
to speed up this
process, to help
us realize this a lot
quicker if we approach it
from the community
development upwards
and from the political platform
downwards, the top down,
bottom up approach.
What we do is we give
the Ubuntu philosophy
an outlet, a way out,
and a political escape
route and a political
implementation of the Ubuntu
philosophy on grassroots
and at grassroots levels.
This is a simple plan.
And we're busy implementing it.
Now, it's a lot more
difficult to convert
big cities and big
metropolitan areas
into this kind of thinking.
It's a lot easier to go to
small towns and villages
and convert those into places of
cooperation and collaboration.
And this is exactly the plan.
So our plan of action
is to transform
small towns and small villages
into these Ubuntu communities
and start that
process from there.
We have a simple plan
that takes us into 2016
and the local,
municipal elections
in South Africa,
which present us
with a spectacular opportunity
to implement the simple Ubuntu
contributionism philosophies
into a few small towns.
The reason why
this has come about
is because of what we learned in
the national elections of 2014.
What we realized, first of all,
that the national elections
are completely crooked,
completely manipulated,
and completely staged
and fraudulent.
The outcome is a
predetermined scenario.
They will crook and
maneuver the numbers
whichever way they want.
And there are many
examples that I
could quote that I'm not going
to do here that we experienced
during the national elections.
But what I realized
is the following,
that an elected mayor
on a local level,
on a local, municipal level,
will be far more effective
and will have a much bigger
influence and an impact
on his community and his town
than an elected politician
that serves in parliament.
Can you see the big
difference here?
This is why our approach in
the local, municipal elections
in 2016 is like the
Achilles heel approach
where the smallest town, the
smallest village, the smallest
municipality will be the
smallest area that brings down
the beast because once we win
an election in a small town
or small municipality,
because we can reach all
the people in those small
towns with our message
and make them see the
way, the way ahead,
make them resonate with this
message, make them say to us,
you are saying what I've
been thinking all my life.
Once the people in these
small towns get our message,
we will win at least
one of these small towns
that we're going to after in
the local, municipal elections.
And that changes everything.
So this is our plan of action.
We are targeting 12
small municipalities
in the local election.
And our plan is to win at
least one of these small towns
and let that be the
first domino to fall.
Now, some people say, well,
what effect will that have.
It'll have an incredible
effect because we
live in a global community.
Our friends, the people
that live in these towns,
have friends and relatives in
neighboring towns and cities
across the country, in
cities across borders,
across continents,
across oceans.
This knowledge and this
message and information
will spread so quickly
around the world.
And the same events will
happen in other countries,
in thousands of towns and
thousands of communities
outside of South Africa,
in the United States,
in Australia and
the UK and Germany.
It's unpredictable
what will happen.
We cannot in our wildest
dreams imagine the effect,
the energetic knock-on
effect, on this one event
and the domino effect that
will not just be linear.
It'll not just be exponential.
It'll be a quantum
effect, a domino effect.
And this is how
powerful this is.
One small town can
change our entire planet.
Our entire campaign in
these 2016 elections
is based on providing
our small towns
with our own alternative
electricity supply.
It's all based on
providing free electricity.
Why can we promise this?
Because we have access
to this technology.
We know that there are
thousands of inventors
and brilliant minds that
have access and have
developed free energy devices.
We can use the rivers that
run through these towns
as a simple source
of electricity.
And it's, in fact, that that
we promise to our people.
We will use the rivers
and the running water
to provide our own
supply of electricity.
And that electricity will
be free to all the people.
Free electricity for
everyone, as long
as they contribute three hours
a week to one of the community
projects that we set up.
So let's go through
the scenario again.
We win a campaign.
We win the elections
in a small town.
The Ubuntu mayor start to
implement the simple philosophy
of community projects.
We set up a wide variety
of community projects
that actually benefit the people
of the town, not corporations
or the municipality
or the government.
The community projects must be
there to benefit the people.
And remember that we still live
in a world driven by money.
So we need to use money to
set up the systems to free
ourselves from the money.
Once we win the
elections, we also
get money channeled
from government.
That money right now is used and
abused by our municipalities,
by our mayors, for their
own personal agenda, to buy
fancy cars and fancy houses.
We see virtually
no money that gets
channeled into
upgrading our towns
and providing facilities
for the people.
Once we start funneling
and channeling this money
into setting up
community projects,
people will see a rapid
change very, very quickly.
Over and above that,
community projects
will be set up that
benefit the communities.
These are not just
set up haphazardly.
They're set up with very
specific intent in mind,
and managed and set up with
master teachers or master
artisans in each one so that
we have master engineers
or scientists or
researchers or bakers
or cheesemakers or people
that run the dairy.
Each one of these would
be specifically chosen
to run that particular
community project.
And we have, at this stage,
identified about 24 community
projects to set up in our
town, in our community.
And we're using
this as an example.
What happens next?
Everyone that participates
in these community projects
gets free electricity.
It's our electricity.
We have implemented this
electricity for ourselves.
We unplug the grid that comes
from central government.
And we plug our own
electricity supply in.
The time for asking
permission is over.
We are implementing our
own election promises.
We're implementing what
we promised the people.
The people vote us in because of
what we say we're going to do.
Now we're going to do this.
I hope this is
making sense to you.
This is really important
to internalize this.
Remember, the
governments are supposed
to be the servants
of the people.
The municipality is supposed
to be the local servant
of the people.
The countries belong
to the people.
The towns belong to the people.
We are taking back what
belongs to the people
and making it paradise and a
utopian place for us to live,
working in unity, working
together, collaboratively
and in collaboration.
What we do-- everybody
contributes three hours a week
towards one of these
community projects.
And in return, you
get free electricity.
But that does a lot more.
What this does is
instantly turns our town
into a powerful
united labor force.
Here's a simple example.
Our little town of 5,000
people, three hours a week,
that's equivalent to 15,000
hours of labor per week.
No corporation, no
municipality can compete
with that kind of labor force.
And I hope you
realize that this is
how quickly we can turn things
around in favor of the people.
Suddenly, we're doing
things for ourselves.
And everybody has three
hours a week to contribute.
What do people get in return?
Everything.
Free electricity, free
bread, free milk, free eggs,
free furniture, free clothes,
cheese, cream, fish, shoes.
Whatever we set up as
a community project,
you get for free because you
give your three hours a week.
It's a very important
thing that happens
in this transitional
phase is that you
don't have to give up your job.
And this is how
beautiful and simple
this transitional phase is.
Everyone can keep their job,
keep doing what they're doing,
and just contribute
three hours a week
as we set up these projects
and start creating abundance.
And this is where the
contributionism principle
kicks in.
We don't just make
enough for ourselves.
Remember, we are not creating
self-sustaining communities.
We are creating
communities of abundance
where we create far
more than what we need.
So we very carefully calculate
how many potatoes we need,
how much of this we need
and how much that we need.
And we create at least, at
least three times as much
as what we need for every
member of our community.
This means we'll
always have too much.
So what happens with this
excess that we create?
This is where the
abundance comes in.
In the beginning,
while we still live
in a world driven
by money, we make
this excess available to all
our surrounding communities.
But because we're doing
it ourselves for free,
we can make it available
for a very, very low cost,
at a fraction of the price that
any Walmart or any corporation
or any supermarket can sell
these items or these services
or these goods for.
We can underprice anyone,
which means we immediately
start to affect the
capitalist model
of all our neighboring towns
and as far and wide as we
distribute our
products and services
from our little community.
This will bring in
huge amounts of money
into the community coffers
and the community chest
account that is
there for the people,
not for the municipality,
for the people.
But now that the municipality
is run by the Ubuntu mayor,
everything changes.
And this money keeps getting
reinvested into the coffers
and upgrading every community
project on a regular basis.
Very quickly,
overnight, the people
in our town and our community
will see the upgrades
in the sporting facilities
and all these things
that I've mentioned, the 24
community projects that we have
mentioned in our manifesto.
And this is how rapidly
things can change.
I want to give you an example.
At the moment, we have a
fish farm in our community.
That fish farm is standing idle.
Once implemented and upgraded
and made operational,
this fish farm can breed about
a million fish per month.
That will bring arguably
about a million dollars month
to our community.
This is about three times
as much as our current town
gets from government.
So this is one community project
bringing in three times as much
as government is putting in.
Now, you can expand this
to 24 community projects.
Can you see how much
money our community
will be bringing in while we're
getting everything for free?
And this is where the
principle of making people
realize that money is
worthless, that it's not
the money that keeps
our community going,
it's ourselves.
It's the people that
keep the community going.
We're the ones that are
building and growing and doing
everything for ourselves.
And very soon, we realize
we get so much money
that we can do
anything, while we still
live in a world with money.
If we need a new
hospital, the money
will be available to
build a new hospital.
Whatever we think we
need do, we can do.
And this is all driven by what
we call the Council of Elders.
We have to change
the way we operate.
And this is where we go back
to the ancient philosophies
of tribal councils,
where the councils were
the representative
councils of the people,
to make decisions that
best benefit the community
and not benefit individuals
to the detriment
of the rest of the people
in their community.
So what we call the
Council of Elders
is appointed by everyone
in the community
and consists of the
12 most trusted people
and individuals
in that community.
And this is where the
transparency comes through,
again, because everyone will
vote for the Council of Elders
by their own name.
So I, Michael, nominate John
to be on the Council of Elders.
And if John is a
thief and a crook,
everybody will know
that I have just
nominated a thief and a crook
onto the Council of Elders.
So I'll have exposed my motives.
I'll have exposed myself.
Once you realize how
transparent this system is,
you realize that
it's incorruptible
and that no amount of
money can corrupt it
because by trying to
corrupt it, you always
expose yourselves and expose
your ulterior motives.
And this is ultimately
not where we're going.
We want to create abundance
by working together.
And we can only do that
by the simple philosophy
of cooperation.
So this contributionist system
is really managed and guided
by this Council of Elders,
where it's 12 around one.
The 13th member of
the Council of Elders
is a spokesperson
for the council.
And this is how the
community makes decisions
on a daily basis, hour-by-hour
and minute-by-minute basis.
If we don't like
something, we take it
to the Council of Elders.
And the decision gets
made that same day.
This is not something that takes
months and years for it to go
through government or some
body somewhere that sits
in a crystal palace and makes
decisions about what you can
and cannot do in your community.
This is why we say the
Ubuntu philosophy is
to deconstruct government,
to decentralize
government, and let
communities run themselves.
And the Councils of Elders
become the guiding bodies
that guide and advise
the communities of what's
best for the
community and what we
should be doing for the
benefit of the whole community.
So we create three times
as much as what we need.
And this is where the
abundance comes from.
This is where we
start destroying
the capitalist model.
And this is why I've been
saying that contributionism
devours capitalism
whenever it finds it.
It is impossible for
any capitalist model
to exist within the proximity
of a contributionism community.
Everything in our
communities ultimately
becomes a community project.
Whether I'm a
painter or sculptor,
or whether I have a
horse farm, or whatever
it is I do, sooner
or later, what I do
will benefit people
in my community.
So by making what I do
a community project,
I'll not only benefit myself,
but I'll benefit everyone
in our community.
For
Example, if I have a horse farm
and I have a bunch of horses
and I open my horse
farm and my horses
to be used by the community,
I will get the labor force
for free.
I will get the food.
I will get everything I need to
groom and look after my horses.
And people will come and
help me run my horse farm.
All I have to do
is make the horses
available to the
whole community.
It's a win-win
situation for everyone.
The farmers that we've
engaged around our town
have pretty much all agreed in
making their lands available
and participating in
the community projects
so that they benefit
from it as well.
I've spoken to a number
of farmers unions.
And the answers are spectacular.
It is always not let
us negotiate and try
and find a solution for this.
It's always, how
quickly can we start?
When can we start?
This is how simple
this philosophy
is because how do we attract
farmers and businesses
into this model.
And this is what we
show how inclusive
this philosophy of Ubuntu
and contributionism
really is, how it
invites everyone
to participate and to
share their knowledge
and their skills
and whatever it is
they do with everyone
in their community
while it benefits themselves.
So how will we invite
existing factories
and existing businesses to
participate in these community
projects?
It's very simple.
I'll give you an example.
Remember, we set up community
projects of all kinds.
Anything that you can imagine
can become a community project.
It's up to us.
We decide what we're
going to do and set up.
So if we need to make
bicycle spokes for bicycles,
we'll set up a community project
that makes bicycle spokes.
If we need sand delivered
for the building industry,
we set up a community
project that works with sand.
Anything that we want to do, if
we need a research laboratory
to provide whatever we need for
the scientists that are making
new materials, we'll set
up the research laboratory
to provide the components for
new materials that use hemp
and graphene to create
new materials that
are far superior than
anything we can imagine.
Laboratories, research
laboratories, scientists,
inventors will be invited
to come and set up
whatever research
facilities they need.
And everything they need
will be provided for.
Why?
Because we can.
And we choose to do so.
People that develop cures
for all disease, doctors,
scientists, inventors that
work in the healing industry
will be invited to work in
our hospital and our research
facilities to provide
the cure for all disease.
Everything becomes
possible as long
as we do this cooperatively
and collaboratively.
So here is an example.
In our town, we
have a wood factory.
Well, how will they benefit
from-- why should I join you?
And say, well,
what's in it for me?
Well, the following
is in it for you.
If you make your
wood factory that
makes window frames and
door frames, wooden door
frames and windows, if
you make your business
part of the community
project, you
get the following-- free
electricity, no rates and taxes
because remember,
the town belongs us.
Why should we pay rates
and taxes to ourselves?
You get free labor from the
people that come and work
in your community project now.
You get free components.
The wood will come
from our wood factory,
which is a community project.
The glue will come from
our laboratory, scientists
that are making glues
that are much better
and biodegradable and nontoxic.
So basically, you'll be
getting all your components
to make windows and doors.
And in return, you retain 1/3 of
the profits made from this wood
factory because it's
now a community project.
The other 2/3 go
to the community
to benefit the community and
bring money into the community
coffers, while we still
operate under a financial
and a capitalist system.
So you, as the owner of the
factory or any other business,
has zero cost and
everything to gain.
And this is why it
becomes such an attraction
for anyone who's in
any kind of business
to come and join our community.
So what we'll find, we'll
get people from far and wide
that'll come to our town, our
Ubuntu contributionism town,
and participate in
what will probably
be the most exciting
new era of this planet.
And it is certainly
a place that I
want to find myself
in because it'll
be the most unimaginable place
of creation and expansion
that we've ever witnessed.
Free electricity, no
barrier to progress,
no hurdle to progress,
no hurdle to inventions,
no holding onto knowledge
and information.
Everything is shared
with the world.
Can you imagine what will
happen when our hospital
and our healing
facilities where we really
heal and cure disease,
what'll happen
when we've cured the first
multimillionaire of cancer?
You know what the
answer to that is.
This will be unstoppable.
No government, no
border, will be
able to restrain the
expansion and the growth.
And this is why
I said the moment
that we win one little
town in our country
or in any country of the
world-- this can be in the USA,
in Germany and Australia,
when one little town becomes
an Ubuntu
contributionism model, it
creates this quantum
domino effect
that'll go right across the
borders in many countries
all over the world.
This takes us to the
Ubuntu Warehouse philosophy
because we're not
always going to be
able to sell everything we make
and grow and create and build.
What are we going to do
with all the excess stuff we
can't consume ourselves?
Well, we're going to put it into
a warehouse somewhere, right?
So let's call it the
Ubuntu Warehouse.
And we make that warehouse
and the stuff in there
available to all the
people in our community
and also, to everyone else
outside of our community
for a very low price.
No Walmart will ever
be able to compete
with our prices and our goods
and our services in the Ubuntu
Warehouse.
And everyone in our
community will most likely
get some sort of
an electronic card,
not because we want
to create money,
but because we just want to make
sure that people don't abuse
the system while we still have
that possible bit of a hangover
from a capitalism driven system.
And with your
Ubuntu card, you can
go into the Ubuntu Warehouse
and get your stuff for the week,
as long as you contribute
your three hours a week.
We know exactly how much
is allocated to everybody
because we've worked it out.
Remember?
We create at least three
times as much as what we need.
So we know how much is
allocated to everybody.
It's not a guessing situation.
So you go in there
and get what you need.
And we'll probably
never, ever take as much
as what we've actually
allocated to ourselves.
So there will always
be too much stuff left.
So what have we just achieved?
We've achieved two
very important things.
We've created a new supply
chain of goods, food, services.
Everything we can
imagine, everything
we create in our
Ubuntu communities,
we've now created a
new supply chain away
from the current
corporate structures that
have controlled our
lives and the governments
and the corporate
structures that
have created an era and
a system of scarcity.
We've created a system of
abundance very, very quickly,
virtually overnight, by
creating one little example
of a contributionist community.
What else have we done?
Without even realizing
it, we've created
a new alternative
currency system
that is untouchable and
uncollapsible by the Rothschild
banking families.
We've created a new card that
you can use on any Ubuntu
Warehouse that they cannot take
away from you because if they
do, they will just
issue you a new card.
They can't close
your bank account.
They can't take your
money away from you.
This card allows you to go
into your Ubuntu Warehouse
and get whatever you need.
No one can ever cause you any
financial harm or damage again.
But what else does this mean?
It means that you can jump
on a train or jump on a plane
or get in your car and
drive from LA to New York
and go to your Ubuntu community
there and say, hi, I'm Michael.
I've arrived.
What do you need?
They swipe my little card.
They say welcome, Michael.
Oh, the chemistry lab
needs some help this week.
They're putting a
new material together
with graphene and hemp.
Very exciting.
Please go and help
them for three hours.
And they tell me where
to report, what to do.
They might tell
me to go and work
in some other factory
or some other place
in one of the community
projects in that community.
What this allows me is to go
anywhere I want, I choose to.
And by contributing
my three hours a week,
I'm then entitled to anything
I need from the Ubuntu
Warehouse in that place.
That means we've created
an alternative currency
system that's untouchable and
uncollapsible by the banking
families of the world today.
And this goes across borders.
I can fly to Australia,
arrive in Sydney,
or whatever small town
I choose to arrive in.
As long as I have my
Ubuntu card and I log on
and I give my
three hours a week,
I'm entitled to anything I
need and anything I want.
That's how simple the system is.
This is how quickly we
can bypass the system,
create a new alternative,
use the political structure
to create a whole
new system, plant
the virus of consciousness
into the political beast,
and create something beautiful
and simple that works
for everyone alive today.
Once we've done
it in one town, we
can replicate this in
thousands of towns in no time.
And this is what brings us
to realizing that we don't
need to destroy our world.
We no longer need
the mining industry
and these disgusting industries
that destroy our world
and pollute our world.
We no longer have to do
this because in a world
without money where we
set our scientists free,
where we set our
inventors free, are we
still going to need
disgusting, coal-driven power
plants to create electricity?
The answer is no.
We're going to have a whole new
supply of exotic energy devices
that keep the world clean
and free of any toxins.
Anything we do in a
world without money
changes virtually overnight.
And our needs for materials
changes with that.
Where we live, how we live, how
we travel, what we travel in,
what we eat, how we
eat, where we eat it,
where we choose to live, how we
get healed, everything changes.
What electricity we use,
everything in our reality
changes overnight.
This is the world of
Ubuntu and contributionism.
Everything is recyclable,
renewable, and reusable.
Why?
Because we can.
And because this
is the way we plan
to do it, to live in
harmony with our planet,
harmony with our community,
and everything around us.
And this is the world
I'd like to live in.
And to end this
episode and to end
this expose of a whole new
system that is so simple for us
to achieve, to
create an alternative
by using the existing
system, we've
come back to the most
frequently asked questions.
And I hope that by now, by
looking at these questions,
you realize how
stupid and laughable
they are because every
single one of these questions
comes from a position
within a capitalist system.
All these questions come
from a place of fear
and worrying about
not having enough
and not understanding that by
removing money from the system,
we're not creating scarcity.
We are lifting the ceiling
of the current system that
has kept us under control.
We're removing the barriers
and the hurdles to progress.
We are allowing people
to dream, to create,
to invent, and make
anything they've ever
dreamt of possible.
Are we going to drive the
cars that we drive today
in a world without money?
The answer is no.
Are we going to use the
electricity we use today
in a world without money?
The answer is no.
Are we going to live
in houses the way
they're structured today?
No.
We're going to
have new materials.
Are we going back
to the Dark Ages?
The answer is no.
We're going to the stars.
We're going to the sky.
Everything becomes possible.
Is this a lawless society?
The answer is no.
The new laws and
new guidelines are
created by the people
of the community that
are then implemented by
the Council of Elders.
And why should I do
something I don't like?
Well, you're not doing
anything you don't like.
You're contributing
three hours a week
towards one of the
community projects.
The other benefit of this
is that the three hours
that we each contribute
towards the community projects
actually becomes the
new education system.
Can you imagine, after a
few years of doing this,
where you've worked in the
bakery and the engineering
firm and the rocket
science lab or wherever,
each and every one
of us will attain
new skills and new
abilities that we are not
privy to in the world
we find ourselves today.
By the time we've embraced this
new system of contributionism,
our society will be filled
with well-informed and highly
skilled individuals that
love their community
and are capable
of doing anything.
You'll be able to
build a bridge,
create an energy device,
bake bread, milk a cow,
solve mathematical equations.
You'll be able to do things
that you cannot possibly imagine
that you can do in a capitalist
world where everything is
restricted and controlled an
access denied unless you have
money.
This is the world of
Ubuntu and contributionism.
And I hope that by now, you
can answer any question that
gets thrown at you about
how are we going to do this
or how are we going to do that.
In a world without money,
everything changes.
It'll remove the
ceiling and the hurdle
to progress and allow
us to dream and achieve.
Anything is possible.
And I'd like to thank you for
watching the series of exposes
and learning from the ancient
past and finding solutions.
So what can you do?
I'd like to suggest
that you become
the seed of consciousness
in your community.
Tell everyone.
Read as much as you can.
And do not be afraid of sharing
your knowledge and information
with those around
you because remember,
now that we know what sound
and resonance is all about
and we have this opportunity and
ability to share this knowledge
and transform our communities
into communities of abundance,
go out there.
Be a seed of consciousness.
And tell everyone because
once they've heard it,
they can never unhear it.
I'm Michael Tellinger.
And thank you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]